Refactor document content management (#2171)
suitenumerique/docs: UPGRADE.md

## [Unreleased]

We made several changes around document content management leading to several breaking changes in the API.

> - The endpoint `/api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/content/` has been renammed in `/api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/formatted-content/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The endpoint `/api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/content/` has been renamed `/api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/formatted-content/`
```

- There is no more `content` attribute in the response of `/api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/`, two new endpoints have been added to retrieve or update the document content.

> - New endpoint `GET /api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/content/` to fetch the document content, this endpoint directly return the content and the response content-type is `text/plain`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new `GET /api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/content/` endpoint has been implemented to fetch the document content ; this endpoint streams the whole content with a `text/plain` content-type response.
```

> - New endpoint `PATCH /api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/content/` to update the document content. the expected payload is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new `PATCH /api/v1.0/documents/{document_id}/content/` endpoint has been added to update the document content ; expected payload is:
```
